
Minutes of the Meeting
05-June-2020

Sajjad and Suhal got internships, need to send simon email.

16: 20 Architecture of the project: 

Scripts to make api requests, Being triggered at intervals, Data lake -> where data is dumped form the API, -> Curation, data processing -> passed into data pipeline, where the data is stored in a Relational database -> which would form the backbone of the front end visualizer

UI, some sort of Web app, React, Node any IDE-> back end scripting Django or flask -> postgres database -> AWS for hosting -> python, sql for NLP 

Software dev tool for sprint dev: Jira

16: 40 Area of accountability for everyone. Break down of roles:
Aditya: Try to design the UI and front end of the Website and try and integrate backend with input queries

Apurva: Goto for Python based data collection, curation, and processing for text analysis. Focus on collecting Covid-related data

Ashwin: Focus on AWS and integration of web app in cloud. Also assist apurva in collecting covid data.

Sumit: Backend devl, using Django

Nripendra: In charge of research on covid based queries, Assist sumit with django and apurva with data collection.

17:15 Creation of sprint plan: 

SPRINT PLAN: 
8th June: Project plan: Have a clear representation of the project overview, and decomposition of the general roles to be carried out by each team member. Identification of the tools and software required for the tasks.
Week based targets achieved via meetings on tuesday

30th June: Interim report/Demo of MVP (Milestone 1): Have the minimum features of the two visions working.
Week based targets achieved via meetings on tuesday
Start on report outline 

11th August: Final presentation (Finished product) Milestone 2

18th August: Report submission

TODO: Sumit and ashwin, work together to polish Project objective
Aditya: create graphical representation of sprintplan, provide apurva and nripendra with example work
Apurva, nripendra: Research queries and covid related datasets to use.

NEXT MEET AT Sunday.
