Minutes of the Meeting
7th july-2020 (Weekly meeting with simon)


15:45 Simon: Asking if feedback was good

Not yet crystal clear, the overall structure of the project, the relation of each part with each other. Reasoning behind it.

Sources of data: what are the sources of data, which will be used to train the bot. Final dataset to be used.

People in chatbot team: increase the number of personell to help improve the functionality of chatbot.

Streamline the application and user experience, built around the chatbot. 
Initially application was designed with the chatbot as primary feature, but as a failsafe build visualizations to have a basic user interaction available with the application.

Even if we done this, but we should have done it the other way? 
Retrospective look into what could have been done better. Greater focus on Lex to get a better understanding quicker, a week sooner potentially.

Able to want to make mistakes.
Cautious when planning for failure.

Chatbot serving up web content. Will take some time
Start with basic query, data retrieval
Chatbot v2: visualizations
Job in the back where images are updated everyday.
Dynamic queries 
Ad hoc queries: intent to 

Aim high.
Build up complexity as you go.
Keep initial intent as simple. With data integration from start to finish. 
Then slowly scale up.

16:00: Prepare a secondary jump around role.
Get two more people to jump on lex.

Make sure people are documenting.
Get the version 1: of chatbot api.




16:15: Team: all of you have a significant technical contribution to show for the report.
Cloud: AWS, azure, AWS better suited for lex, raising issue, student access on AWS does not gives access to active directories, to give roles, permission etc. 
How we could solve it.
Jumped the gun, Free version of Azure.


Final demo, we do all the cool stuff, then they use it .
Set of instruction on how to use it.
So that they can show it to the external examiners.

Scalability, how to include usability for future.


NOT CONTENT HEAVY. Ppt.  
Final presentation. Content heavy ppt will NOT WORK.

Much more clearer, the relationship of each part with each other.
Document the structure and ask if it works.
Different way to present the architecture, image.
Experiment before the final presentation.



