Minutes of the Meeting
09-June-2020 (Weekly meeting with simon)

15:40: Simon: want to make sure we are keeping minutes, submit the minutes logged so far.

Create a video format of the presentation, video will overlap most of the project plan.
This what we are doing, this is what we plan to do, to help kickstart any quick feedbacks that may be given.

Add the members to all the shared drives and github

15:55: Rearrange project plan to accommodate the newcomers.
Simon points: Objective is pretty clear: unexpected implementation good. 
Answer queries that could be answered, at the moment its broad but we want to focus on the type of query.
Articulate the queries that could be asked as user stories: alice is curious about x. Factual/news information
Try and use alexa api to skip through first step. Already API’s to help use existing grammar based language processing. 
Use of dialogue flow is okay

16:05: Potentially 8 members: breakdown the problems and roles even further 
Breakdown tasks even further within the project plan.
Devise things that will happen within milestone
Assign tasks to each member 
Main editor of report
Role for processing data 
Conflict resolution
Testing 
Collecting data


NLTK is not preferable for chatbot, good for training? 

Dataplan is brief, data types, the criteria for what type of data will be chosen, (The language, categories, location, etc).
The types of queries will affect the criteria of acceptance of data

Single biggest risk: pinpoint of data sources: types of data. Structures and how to map different types of data to the query. 
Way to tackle: find as many potential sources of data as possible and keep discussing. And who can process the data. 
How to train the chatbot on this data.
How to deal with CONTRADICTORY information.

Within next week have a chatbot of someform: Simple fact checking related to covid.

Make sure the github is being regularly updated. 

Go through several versions of MVP not a one shot

How to evaluate the entire project properly. Keep log of research. Links visited, development done, any research.
Team evaluation: via jira and other managements tools, via sprints

16:15 Development evaluations : what passes as a success for the application
How do we demonstrate that the app meets the project criteria. 
As well as as personal objective that we want our app to do.
Ex: implement chatbot, everyone answers questions to demonstrate to the evaluators that the requirements have been met based on initial objectives.

Empirical evidence to show that our way is better compare to other existing implementations. To show how well it works with hard numbers compared to other existing implementation.

Continually check state of different section to ensure that each section is able to talk numbers and developments made.

Make a live demo potentially every week to show progress
Contingency plans for potential drops in the future.

Weekly show and tell 5 min video.

TODO: Fleshed out vision for the project at as grunal level as possible
	Flesh out the roles and responsibilities 

	Empirical evidence to show that our way is better compare to other existing implementations. To show how well it works with hard numbers compared to other existing implementation.
	
